[Music]
the romance of the desert
has the power to set use
i ask you
have you ever loved so much
being so possessed by jealousy
that you might kill them
you had something to hide
the crime is
[Music]
shouldn't murder the murderer
is one of you i don't feel safe here
i don't feel safe with any of that it's
too late to change events
it's time to face the consequences i
have investigated many crimes
but this
[Music]
has altered the shape of my soul
and i will deliver your killer
how many great stories are tragedies
hi dad hey kiddo
oh my gosh do you look beautiful you
live how's your mom's hip
good thanks good you think you're my
girlfriend grace
been busy yeah dean's traveling with
clients all the time and
i'm just the buzzkill waiting to
schedule things
i'm so stuck so dean's going away a lot
huh on business trips dad raise your
hand
if that sounds fishy he's not like you
he's a good guy a great dad sure it's
nature
males are forced to fight to dominate
and to impregnate
all females
maybe he's just not interested in me
anymore impossible
a woman's at her most beautiful between
the ages of 35 and 39.
great so i have many months
left felix you're back in town been busy
yeah got a lot going on
do you he should be worshiping the
ground you walk on and if he's doing
something dishonorable you need to know
what if he's just busy i'm in a rut
that's it
i think we should follow him what i
think you better see him in action
this is your idea of incognito
[Music]
here's the plaza this is the place to
have an affair has the most
exits exits on three streams
can you just act a little less excited
about this because this is my life
or it might be falling apart i don't
know why women get plastic surgery
because of men like you i prefer the
factory originals
yeah and every other make and model
thank you i'm gonna take that as a
compliment are there two
oh scared me
what up kids it's cole this is erl i've
traveled all over the world
looking for the wildest experiences to
entertain you guys
you watched commented and told me what
to do next i challenge all of you to
find something that scares me i dare you
come on
we are taking you to an escape room
experience in moscow
i have a buddy named alexi he wants to
take us everywhere
i'm talking the best clubs the best
restaurants
this guy's so rich that everything he
does is the best
i've been to escape rooms man but not
one like this because they make it just
for you
you have to be invited look i get that
there are two sides of you
there's this public hole and there's
this private
cold i just don't really know the real
you
remember as real as everything might
seem
you're safe not sketchy at all
they will begin streaming it directly
into your device from the cameras
let's do it this is crazy
hello
what's going on
what happened here what the hell is this
this is your guy you was just talking
i don't know them all that well what we
were in russia with some guy that you
barely know
are you crazy we don't have our phones
our wallets our passports anything we
need to leave now
um
people are paying to watch they change
it every single time
it's intense but it's a game
i couldn't say nothing earlier because
he is always watching
hello cole how do you know my name
is
young americans you think yeah
what if this is still part of it no we
lost look at the timer
please let her go mine is just
a little more selective than yours
[Music]
wait oh yo delete that last part no dude
this is live
i can't even remember how we got back to
the room last night
i want to take in some photos there's a
video two and a half hours long
see if we can figure out what happened
[Music]
what's on this video is impossible we
watched you snap my neck
we were dosed with something given a
strange drink
special gift for celebrated guests
i was dead how am i standing here
you haru's nation
you were never meant to see what
happened
mommy she knows
[Music]
we're about to die horrible
she can't finish
you're going with me or without me
i saw exactly what i've always felt
about donnie weeboy
and i saw that girl can't protect her
child
margaret jimmy's her boy he's your
grandson
we're trying to locate a donny wee boy
he married our sons widow got our
grandson with him
you let it be known you're looking for a
wee boy
i'll find you we thought we'd see jimmy
since we're in the neighborhood since
you're in the neighborhood go careful
where the hell are we
we came to see our grandson
my boy doesn't have to answer to you and
we don't have to answer to you
oh
come with us no he'd kill me
him and his mother
your grandson he's a wee boy now
you're with me on this right i'm right
behind you
he hit lorna you hit your wife
like
don't starve what she can't finish
hey can we all behave as normally as
possible
yeah okay got it okay you got it all
right okay great
jonathan has a hard time talking about
it telling grandma
no i don't it's illegal right
how are you gonna do it when's it
happening
soon kiddo here we go
whoa you okay yeah i'm used to a
different kind of axe
anna chris you up yet i'm dead soon you
coming down
that should do it
she's fragile isn't she give mom this
one weekend without having the whole
world revolve around you anna
can you quit being a stupid i'm
gonna call 9-1-1 and report a suicide
attempt
are you sure because she says she's
ready she's ready but i'm not
now's the time to do it while she's
still in charge of what happens to her
aren't you afraid
you know once we set a date i stopped
worrying about dying and i could focus
more on living
[Music]
inheritance has to all be spent on
hookers and blows
what the hell are you thinking you let
her do what she wants to do
i want to know her i want her to know me
you're gonna give me some life advice
the trick is you just show up and you
give life your best shot
to wonderful life
[Music]
oh
you're just in time for the not party
we're not having fun in celebration of
not closing yeah
[Music]
i'm doing great thank you for asking how
i'm doing first person today
tell a story you're making me realize i
haven't smelled that smelling alone
what kind of a party is it if an
australian guy doesn't take his pants
off i've been saying that for you
[Music]
the best thing is to just get your heart
totally smashed
and broken like a couple of times and
then you're getting it okay
what are you doing chilling out my alley
i don't trust you
[Music]
and i
i represent all evil
[Music]
you what else it is this is a place
where you can go
where nobody else don't want your ass
first in there
if the power of the right to vote was
truly made
available to everyone
in america
[Applause]
it would change the future of this
nation
ladies and gentlemen stacey abrams when
i started running for governor
we anticipated that voter suppression
was going to be instrumental in brian
kemp's campaign
and we were white we've been in line for
five hours they said you've already
voted looks like several days ago
no i would have remembered that
thousands of people were told no and
didn't have the authority to demand
better
the lines are insane we had precinct
consolidation
non-training of local election officials
i knew something had gone horribly wrong
the system that is supposed to protect
our democracy
didn't work the way it was supposed to
states implement voter suppression laws
all across the country
things like new voter id laws purging
you're knocked off the roll
gerrymandering changing the voting
boundaries
ohio is a use it or lose its state in
the united states
the right to vote is the only right you
can lose simply for not using it
jim crow 2.0 that's what we're seeing
we've got a lot of work to do
[Music]
when we started as a country six percent
of people
were eligible to vote there's still
forces that are determined
to keep citizens from voting unless we
fight
for the right to vote our democracy
is put at risk the fight over voting
rights is ultimately about power the
states have figured out how to stop
african americans hispanics asian
americans
the young and the poor from voting
history is never a straight line it's
always a fight
i will not concede because the erosion
of our democracy
is not right
i'm trying to make history
the vote matters
you belong you have value
[Applause]
[Music]
have
foreign
[Music]
i always told you that my family wasn't
in the war
it's not true what are you talking about
we were sleeping when some german
soldiers found us
they did horrible things to the women
worse than you can imagine we just moved
here from virginia
what's the likelihood that a guy that
attacked you halfway around the world
15 years ago he ends up two blocks away
louise he's in the trunk
of our car
why are you doing this you don't
remember me your name is
carl i don't know who you're confusing
me with but i'm not here
i remember your whistle your vocals up
you hit me
i was never in the war you even look the
same to you
yes his eyes i will never forget those
eyes i'm not drunk enough swiss
i have documents to prove it we need to
be certain
i am certain i need to be certain too
victims of trauma sometimes remember the
smallest details perfect
other times they become confused
we have to release him you don't believe
me
what do you want
i want him to confess
we're gonna get caught
why are you taking care of him he's
right you must know something
i'm not the best we have to put an end
to this
there's so much that i don't know about
thomas
[Music]
you